BR: refine BR docs (#8628)
pingcap/docs: br/backup-and-restore-use-cases.md

# BR Use Cases

[Backup & Restore (BR)](/br/backup-and-restore-overview.md) is a tool for distributed backup and restoration of the TiDB cluster data.

This document describes common backup and restoration scenarios:

- [Back up a single table to a network disk (recommended in production environment)](#back-up-a-single-table-to-a-network-disk-recommended-in-production-environment)
- [Restore data from a network disk (recommended in production environment)](#restore-data-from-a-network-disk-recommended-in-production-environment)

> - [Back up a single table to a local disk](#back-up-a-single-table-to-a-local-disk-recommended-in-testing-environment)
> - [Restore data from a local disk](#restore-data-from-a-local-disk-recommended-in-testing-environment)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Back up a single table to a local disk](#back-up-a-single-table-to-a-local-disk-recommended-for-testing-environments)
- [Restore data from a local disk](#restore-data-from-a-local-disk-recommended-for-testing-environments)
```
